Added information for bookinfo application (#1261)
Maistra/istio-operator: bundle/README.md

- [CNI parameters](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/istio-official/cni?modal=values)
- [ZTunnel parameters](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/istio-official/ztunnel?modal=values)

# Installing the Bookinfo Application

You can use the `bookinfo` example application to explore service mesh features. Using Bookinfo, you can easily confirm that requests from a web browser pass through the mesh and reach the `bookinfo` application.

The `bookinfo` application displays information about a book, similar to a single catalog entry of an online book store. The application displays a page that describes the book, lists book details (ISBN, number of pages, and other information), and book reviews. 

The `bookinfo` application is exposed through the mesh, and the mesh configuration determines how the microservices comprising the application are used to serve requests. The review information comes from one of three services: `reviews-v1`, `reviews-v2` or `reviews-v3`. If you deploy the `bookinfo` application without defining the `reviews` virtual service, then the mesh uses a round robin rule to route requests to a service.

> If you deploy the `bookinfo` application using the `reviews` virtual service, then you can specify a different behavior. For example, you can specify that if a user logs into the `bookinfo` application, then the mesh routes requests to the `reviews-v3` service, and the application displays reviews with red stars. Similarly, you can specify that if a user does not log into the `bookinfo` application, then the mesh routes requests to the `reviews-v2` service, and the application displays reviews with black stars.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By deploying the `reviews` virtual service, you can specify a different behavior. For example, you can specify that if a user logs into the `bookinfo` application, then the mesh routes requests to the `reviews-v2` service, and the application displays reviews with black stars. If a user does not log into the `bookinfo` application, then the mesh routes requests to the `reviews-v3` service, and the application displays reviews with red stars.
```

Author: done
